README file for the new remote console tool (12/01/97):

PURPOSE
-------
	This is an experimental method of controlling a MAngband server
without the old, cumbersome method of typing commands on the server's
terminal.  The new method employs a new socket opened on the server side, and
a client-type utility for sending commands and interpreting the results.  The
tool will use the standard Angband "terminal" package and the MAngband
"network" package, so it should be fairly portable.
	One nice feature of this method is that new commands can be easily
added.  If you have any ideas for useful commands, please let me know.

USE
---
	This is a list of the possible commands and their uses.

"Get player list" -- This is basically the same as the '@' command from within
the game, but you can see the depth that any player is at regardless of party
affiliations.

"Get artifact list" -- This shows the same information as the '~' command from
within the game.  The numbers on the left are to be used with the "Modify
artifact info" command, described below.

"Get unique list" -- Same as the '|' command, but also shows the numbers to be
used for the "Modify unique info" command.

"Modify artifact info" -- This can be used to allow artifacts to be created
again.  This could be useful if artifacts have become permanently lost
(this was possible because of some earlier bugs).  The "artifact number" that
you are asked for is shown on the artifact list, and corresponds to those in
the "a_info.txt" file.

"Modify unique info" -- This can be used to either resurrect or kill uniques.
The number that is asked for is shown in the unique list.  When killing a
unique, you are asked for the name of the player who killed the unique.  This
must be the name of a valid, live player.

"Get detailed player info" -- This is not implemented yet.

"Send a message" -- This is the same as the client's ':' command, but your
name shown in brackets will be "Server Admin".  Messages can be sent to one
player or to all players in the normal fashion.

"Kick a player" -- This allows you to kick a player off the server.  You are
asked for the player's name.  Note that this doesn't stop the player from
immediately rejoining.

"Shutdown the server" -- This saves all savefiles and shuts the server down
cleanly.  It is a good idea to always use this method of shutting the server
down.

	Keldon (keldon@umr.edu)
